From Seattle, Washington, the home of the greatest football team in the world, the Seattle
football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the world, the Seattle
football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the world, the home
of the greatest football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the
world, the home of the greatest football team in the world, the home of the greatest football
team in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the world, the home of the
greatest football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the world,
the home of the greatest football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team
in the world, the home of the greatest football team
in the world, the home of the greatest football team in the world,
the home of the greatest football team in the world, the home of the greatest football team
in the world, the home of the greatest football team
in the world.
Thank you.